hey guys Richard Blaine here mr. easy
cooking thanks for stopping by my easy
Cooking Channel tonight um I'm sure many
of you my subs and viewers know that I
have a major-league penchant for Asian
food and tonight I'm going to make some
more Asian food I've been taking
requests for a long long time and this
last week I got a request from a viewer
in Vietnam that said make Vietnamese
style kimchi and I was like ok
Vietnamese style kimchi that's a new one
on me but come to do some research and
yes
the Vietnamese in Southeast Asia have
their own version of kimchi not quite
what the Koreans do with kimchi but just
as lovely just as vibrant just as tasty
as spicy as any kimchi that you could
get out of Korea the ingredients are
about the same you guys always hear me
say that the reason I love Asian food is
because Asian foods aren't
interchangeable and they are and so
tonight what I'm going to make for you
is Vietnamese style kimchi this is quite
possibly going to be the shortest video
I've ever made it's a lovely dish it
goes great on top of rice on top of
noodle in the soup but either way it's
kimchi it's delicious its Southeast
Asian inspired so let's get going and
I'll see you on the other side all right
now to make this Vietnamese style kimchi
what I have here is napa cabbage that's
wilted okay I won't do this overnight
I have julienne of scallion
I have julienne of carrot and I have
some finely slivered red onion okay and
I have some cucumber now the cucumber I
added in about three hours ago I don't
let the cucumber wilt overnight because
it just gets too mushy but I do wilt the
cabin
the onion the scallion and the carrot
overnight and then about 3-4 hours prior
to making this dish I'll add the
cucumber for that extra crunch but all
of it is very well wilted nice and soft
I rinsed off the excess salt and what we
need to make is the kimchi paste so
let's get going so to make this paste if
you have some fresh Birds Eye chilies
good use them if you don't you could use
this store-bought chilli paste it's just
as good three or four tablespoons right
here that's about what I'm gonna add
just depends on how spicy you want your
kimchi to be and I do want this a bit
spicy and to that I'm going to add some
ginger gotta have ginger gotta have
garlic it's kimchi okay
gotta have garlic gotta have some sugar
up to you one tablespoon - I'm using
about two tablespoons of brown sugar
okay you could use white whatever you
have okay you use a little bit of fish
sauce to get it rolling some rice
vinegar I have to have some moisture in
there to get it oh here's one some
lemongrass okay for fragrance and for a
certain amount of flavor and because
this is Vietnamese style Southeast Asia
I have some dried kaffir lime leaves
okay
now sometimes it's very hard to get
fresh kaffir lime leaves and believe you
meet the dry ones work just as well and
have a lot of concentrated flavor this
is a very simple paste okay
it's a very simple paste very easy
kimchi recipe and I'm gonna grind this
down
pulse pulse
okay guys now what you'll notice is that
I didn't make a rice flour glue like I
do for the Korean kimchi but what I am
going to use for a thickener is a nice
healthy tablespoon of sesame Tina okay
not quite indicative of this recipe but
as I always tell people it's open to
interpretation
so I'm going to add that sesame to eita
as a thickener and I'm gonna pulse it in
alright so here the wilted vegetable and
here is my Vietnamese kimchi paste okay
pepper sesame kaffir lime leaves
lemongrass garlic ginger and I'm just
gonna toss this in by hand I'm not even
gonna wear gloves cuz I'm not gonna
worry about it
okay I'm just gonna toss this in by hand
there we go gonna get all these
vegetables nice and coated there we go
fish sauce sugar okay it's not a
standard style kimchi like the Korean
stuff okay this is Vietnamese style okay
there we go and that's it okay that's it
nice and tossed okay nice and blend it
in okay and I'm gonna let this sit for
about an hour or two and then I'm gonna
put it on top of some noodles so hang on
tight alright guys there it is
Vietnamese kimchi on top of some
fettuccine noodles I could have used
oriental noodles I could used bon rice
stick noodles I could have used soba
Korean I could have used Sudan I could
use on second thought I could used any
noodle I wanted to but I picked
fettuccine and I put
this Vietnamese kimchi on top okay like
I said napa cabbage carrot red onion
scallion cucumber okay rice vinegar this
is just delicious
now what you do with it once it's put on
top of the noodle or once it's put on
top of the rice
is you add just a little bit of sesame
oil
you could also ferment these vegetables
in Nuuk jump you guys have seen me make
nuke jump before alright then on top
just a little bit of sesame seed okay
toasted white black whatever you want
really doesn't matter because like I say
all the time the reason I like Asian
food is because it's all interchangeable
they all suit each other no matter what
anybody says okay all Asian recipes suit
each other no matter what country there
it is with the sesame seeds and the
sesame oil looks just delicious now I
got to whip out my chopsticks and eat
this from my dinner I want to thank you
for stopping by and I'll see you on the
next video take care thank you guys
Richard Blaine here mister easy cooking
I want to thank you for stopping by my
easy Cooking Channel tonight I hope you
enjoyed this quick and easy Vietnamese
kimchi like I said this has got to be
the shortest video I have ever made but
this Vietnamese style kimchi is just
delicious it's aromatic it's fragrant
it's different than regular Korean
kimchi because it has the wonderful
flavors and the wonderful aromas of the
lemongrass and the kaffir lime leaves
it's just delicious make this recipe
it's a wonderful summer salad it goes
great on top of rice it goes great on
noodles okay throw it into some soup
anything you want to do is just
delicious
I want to thank you for stopping by
in my next video take care
you